it's the holiday clusterfuck holiday
clusterfuck see the sins gather together
to run amok but flying everywhere folks
pulling out their hair people are waving
while paying with great despair if we
don't feel winter with dollar bills then
your depression Peaks on Tom we'd rather
have dressed then to be real depressed
so we all shop until we dropped moles
crowded everyplace know where a parking
space everyone screaming get your ass
out of my face flying kids cheap
costumes lines in all the bathrooms
paying a fortune extortions now in full
bloom people r shoving while claiming
they're loving that holiday joy they
feel and your kids feel that joy if you
buy the right toy so better keep your
eyes peeled holiday clusterfuck holiday
clusterfuck citizens gather together to
run amok antiques and Christmas cop
suicide rates go up his whining buy me a
robotic cycle of holidays jumble three
months is a bundle to handle with grace
and ease we must make a living so it's
Thanksgiving and jump straight to Chris
go Wayne going and gone change
decorations out on your front lawn
losing that magical touch seeing your
in-laws three times is too much trick or
treat Merry Christmas going to church
for your annual mass Kwanzaa Hanukkah
too let's get it right someone's liable
to soon
holiday clusterfuck holiday clusterfuck
millions of billions find their just
shit out of luck visiting Santa's crib
lying straight to your kids pray they
don't need therapy for your tiny pin
this shit comes earlier seems almost
every year making us spend away
Christmas if we vote it should not be
promoted right after singha christmas
and halloween Thanksgivings in between
putting on more weight than shadow one
link wizzy snow falling everywhere
traffic so real nightmare can't wait for
summer upon their work time to scare
emotions flying our patients is dying
what happened to all our cheer we whisk
money hallway until Valentine's Day
thank God it's just once I gear all the
day TV specials watching Santa Claus and
Jesus wrestle sending out christmas
cards to wishing good cheer to folks you
hardly knew
or it's the holiday
the holiday
cluster cluster when did this time of
year full of cheer start to someone cut
a separate bus for heaven's sake we're
browning while drowning please God no
more fruitcakes get less a while so put
on your smiles don't let them know how
you be
we all have to fake it so shout up and
take it and chow on your dress
it's the heart
um
you